# Armando Gomez
# CS-330-R4856

1. How do I approach designing software?

When I create software for my assignments, I start by examining the project requirements outlined in my coursework. I write down the required features and draw
designs on my own. This involves thinking about how users will interact with the software and anticipating any obstacles. To enhance my designs, I usually make
prototypes and check their performance personally, making gradual enhancements based on what I see and the advice from my instructor.

2. What new design skills has your work on the project helped you to craft?

During my module assignments, I have developed expertise in creating 3D models and adding textures to them. I have mastered the art of applying textures to three
dimensional objects and skillfully adjusting lighting to improve visual authenticity. Each task has served as an opportunity for me to hone these abilities,
boosting my self-assurance and competence in utilizing design software applications.

3. What design process did you follow for your project work? 

I started by going through a design process that kicked off with imagining the setting, selecting the right models, and planning out how the scene would look. I
aimed to craft a design that strikes a balance and meets the performance benchmarks and visual guidelines specified in the task. My approach involves plenty of
back-and-forth refinement, tweaking models, textures, and lighting times based on how things are shaping up and measuring up against performance standards.

4. How could tactics from your design approach be applied in future work?

In my assignments, I found that using an iterative design method and breaking down systems into modular components are effective strategies for future software
development endeavors. By improving designs through thorough testing and feedback, as well as structuring systems into smaller tasks, I can enhance adaptability
and ease of maintenance in challenging assignments. 

5. How do I approach developing programs?

When I work on my tasks for the modules, I always make sure to plan everything out before I start writing any code. I enjoy outlining the software's structure and
determining the necessary features. Then I go through each feature one by one, making sure each part works well before moving on to the next. Throughout my
development process, I test things often. If needed, go back and make changes early.

6. What new development strategies did you use while working on your 3D scene?

While developing my scene for the final project, I introduced new approaches such as modular coding and component-based architecture. These methods have greatly
improved my code's organization. Made debugging easier. Additionally, I tried to use designs that made sense, enabling me to adjust elements without the need to
directly alter the core code.

7. How did iteration factor into your development?

Throughout my development journey, each time I submitted an assignment, I carefully reviewed the outcomes, pinpointed where enhancements were needed, and made
adjustments to the software. This ongoing process of fine-tuning enabled me to create a project that was polished and efficient.

8. How has your approach to developing code evolved throughout the milestones, which led you to the project’s completion?

As I progressed, my strategy shifted from concentrating on fundamental functions to incorporating intricate elements such as sophisticated texturing and dynamic
lighting. I acquired the skill of organizing my code in an efficient manner, enhancing its effectiveness and clarity, which proved essential in handling the
increasing intricacy of my coursework.

9. How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?

Engaging in computer science studies is aiding me in developing problem-solving abilities and establishing a strong technical base, which is crucial for my goals
in the tech and software development realms. These capabilities are key for tackling issues and will bolster my professional growth across different technology
driven sectors.

10. How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future educational pathway?

Studying graphics and visualizations has given me important skills in working with visual data, which are essential for areas like game design, virtual reality,
and simulation. These abilities help me craft engaging content that effectively benefits my current studies and future research projects.My experience in graphics
and visualizations is preparing me for roles in industries that heavily rely on these technologies, such as creating digital content, computer animation, and
designing user interfaces. These skills play a role in producing top notch visuals and driving innovation in my upcoming professional ventures.
#
#
